This is your first official project. You will have two weeks to complete this assignment.

Pick a startup, kickstarter, or indiegogo project. Basically a small, focused project or product. Using information you gather about your chosen project, make a site dedicated to being a playground for engagement. Your goal is to showcase the project or startup you have chosen in an environment that is fun to engage with and impressive to view. Demonstrate the use of a jQuery plugin. We will discuss plugins in more detail next class, but I at least want you looking at different effects you want to try implementing, and have an idea of the thing you're going to build. The plugin you choose can have broad sweeping effects on the architecture of your site, like a parallax or scrolling plugin, or be something more detail-oriented, such as button click effect or text sizing plugin. Plugins that affect layout and content are also open - things like image galleries / carousels or grid tiles.

Remember that details and polish in interactivity are great at selling a site and gaining the trust and respect of your users, even if they don't realize it - a few small, interesting elements are more desirable than many large, sweeping changes. At the most, you should only have one plugin that makes serious changes to your site's architecture - the more complexity you try to layer, the more things are going to break. Lots of plugins and complex css don't play nicely with each other.

Take a look through the various lists of plugins and get an idea of what you want to build before you start actually building. It's important to find the right tools for the job before you start the job. If possible, email me or post the plugins you are planning to use on the discussion page so I can do a little research and be more helpful in the next class.

Here are a couple of good sites to start with:
http://jquer.in/
http://www.unheap.com/

Inevitably things will go wrong, plugins are not created equal and some may be harder to use or more broken than others. That's what next week's review will be for. Next week you should have a basic website with all the content you want to put in from your chosen product. If you want to try integrating a plugin, go for it, but I'm only expecting basic functionality. Preferably with some of the skills we learned in this week's class.